mv-for-release (#20)
MatthewVita/node-hl7-complete: README.md

## Overview
This HL7 solution works by making calls to the Java Hapi HL7 library under the hood. Hapi is the gold-standard implementation of HL7 parsing.

## Project Dependencies
When this project started, many folks were using Java 8. Unfortunately, the Java dependencies in this project relies on that version to function. While it is a major inconvenience to downgrade your Java version, you may find success with [Jabba](https://github.com/shyiko/jabba) to manage your version (simiar to rvm, nvm, etc).

> In addition, this project expects your Node version to be less than 12. Check out [Node Version Manager](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm) to manage versions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition, version 3.1.0 and above of this project expects your Node version to be greater than 12. Check out [Node Version Manager](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm) to manage versions.
```
